fix: Add metadata for SAR back (#124)
trendmicro/cloudone-filestorage-plugins: scan-triggers/aws-python-bucket-full-and-scheduled-scan/README.md

1. **Deploy File Storage Security**
    - Deploy FSS to desired bucket *before* deploying this stack.
2. **Find the 'ScannerQueueARN' SQS queue ARN**
    - In the AWS console, go to **Services** > **CloudFormation** > your scanner stack > **Outputs**.

>     - Scroll down to locate **ScannerQueueARN** key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Scroll down to locate the **ScannerQueueARN** key.
```

## Running it

> After deployment, trigger the new Step Function `FullScanStarterLoopStepFunction` with any payload, empty or otherwise, using whatever method you feel most comfortable with. The scan will start right after that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deployment, trigger the new Step Function `FullScanStarterLoopStepFunction` with any payload, empty or otherwise, using whatever method you feel most comfortable with. The scan starts immediately..
```

### Running via GUI

> Open the Step Function `FullScanStarterLoopStepFunction` in Step Functions console. Click "Start execution" button. You should see a window like the one below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the Step Function `FullScanStarterLoopStepFunction` in the Step Functions console. Click "Start execution" button. You should see a window like the one below:
```

![Start Execution](images/start-execution.png)

> Leave it as it and click `Start execution`. Then you should see the execution running . After it completes, another Step Function will start to scan all files.

Reviewer 2: Suggest adding the name of the scanner step function.
```suggestion
Leave it as it and click `Start execution`. Then you should see the execution running. After it completes, `ScannerLoopStepFunction` Step Function will start to scan all files.
```

> Leave it as it and click `Start execution`. Then you should see the execution running. After it completes, `ScannerLoopStepFunction` Step Function will start to scan all files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leave it as it and click `Start execution`. Then you should see the execution running. After it completes, the `ScannerLoopStepFunction` step function starts to scan all files.
```
